The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
All Might said, "I can't save
the people I can't reach."
That's why he will always
save those he can reach.
I... was in a place where I could reach...
I had to save him...
That's what my Quirk is for...
My body... wouldn't move...
It was all I could do to save Kota...
I couldn't save someone right in front of me...
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Then, let's save him this time.
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
This is something we should leave to the pros!
This isn't the place for us to act, you idiots!
We know that!
But, I couldn't do anything!
After I heard that my friend was being targeted!
I couldn't do anything!
I didn't do anything!
If I don't do anything now,
I won't be a hero or a man anymore!
Hey, Midoriya, your hand can still reach!
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
We can go save him!
"From Iida to Midoriya"
So, in short, you're planning on getting the
receiver from Yao-momo, following it,
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
and going to save Bakugo yourselves?
Yeah.
Even though the villains said
we were targets to be killed,
they took Bakugo without killing him.
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
They probably let him live,
but that doesn't mean
they won't kill him eventually.
Kirishima and I are going.
Don't go overboard with your messing around!
Wait. Calm down.
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
I understand Kirishima's frustration
at not being able to do anything
and Todoroki's frustration at having
him stolen in front of his very eyes.
I'm frustrated, too.
But, this isn't a situation
where we should act on our emotions.
Right?
L-Let's leave this to All Might...
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
Mr. Aizawa's permission to fight at
the training camp has been rescinded, too.
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
Aoyama's right.
I can't say much since I was
the one who needed saving, though...
But--
Everyone, we're all shocked
from Bakugo's kidnapping.
But let's think things through calmly.
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
No matter how just your feelings,
if you're saying you'll fight again...
...that you'll break the rules...
Those acts are the same as those of villains.
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Sorry to interrupt...
It's time for Midoriya's exam...
Wh-Why don't we go?
I wanna see how Jiro
and Hagakure are doing, too.
Oh yeah.
Deku, feel better soon.
Thanks, all of you.
We talked to Yaoyorozu yesterday.
If we go, we go right away. Tonight.
Since you were seriously injured,
I don't know if you can move,
but we still wanted to invite you
because you're probably
the most frustrated out of everyone.
We'll be waiting in front
of the hospital tonight.
"Orthopedic Surgery"
While you were out,
Recovery Girl performed
some pretty strong healing on you,
so I think you should be able to move them,
but they were pretty messed up.
You've had a lot of pretty bad injuries
recently in a relatively short amount of time,
but frankly, this time doesn't
even come close to those.
By "doesn't come close," you mean...
I got special permission to see
a copy of your chart up until now,
and all the times before this,
your bones broke like a
firecracker exploding from the inside.
But this time was especially bad.
Usually, a person's body has limiters to keep
it from using more than 80% of its power.
But when someone faces a crisis situation,
it's possible for those limiters to come off,
allowing them to use 100% of their power.
It's called "hysterical strength,"
like when a mom lifts a car off her child.
But we have those limiters because
our bodies can't take that strain.
This time, it looks like your power erupted
while you were in the "hysterical strength" stage,
and for a long time at that.
It's bad enough for your bones
and muscles to get battered,
but it's worse for your ligaments...
Ligaments protect the joints,
and they are deteriorating badly.
In other words,
if you keep getting injured in the
same way two or three more times or so,
I think you'll have to live without
being able to use your arms.
All you can do is work on rehabilitation
to get them back to normal.
Use them a lot, even if it hurts.
We'll be leaving the rest to U.A., back home,
so you'll be discharged from here today.
Th-Thank you very much.
I'm sorry to have caused you trouble.
Ms. Recovery was fed up with you.
You must've gotten many
scoldings from her in the past.
But there was someone
who was saved by you, too.
"To Mr. Midoriya"
"Kota"
Well, healing begins in the mind,
so don't worry too much, and stay positive.
"Dear Mr. Midoriya,
I'm sorry I punched you in the balls.
Thank you for saving me
even though you barely knew me.
Please get better soon
so I can thank you in person.
Kota."
Kota...
Mom?
Yeah, I was discharged.
But there's something I have to do,
so I won't be home until
tomorrow or the day after--
Yeah... Yeah...
I can move now, at least.
My body feels kind of sluggish,
but it looks like they performed
some strong healing on me.
I heard that it's because
U.A. wants to keep students close,
and also to keep the media away.
Izuku...
...do you have to go to U.A.?
Endeavor, a phone call for you.
Who is it?
A Mr. Tsukauchi from the police.
It's me.
We would like to request
your urgent assistance, Endeavor.
"No. 2 Hero - Endeavor"
I have received an emergency summons
and must leave this place for a while.
Even if I am not here,
I want you to keep being strong in both
mind and body like a pair of tight jeans
"No. 4 Hero - Best Jeanist"
and continue to keep
the streets safe while I'm gone.
Sure, Best Jeanist!
"No. 5 Hero - Edgeshot"
"No. 10 Hero - Gang Orca"
"Gran Torino"
"Wild, Wild Pussycats - Tiger"
"Kamui Woods"
"Mt. Lady"
You want me to make a receiver?
Yeah, please!
You already know why we want it, right?
Please let me think about it...
I wonder what Yaoyorozu decided.
Well, no matter how
restless we are, it's up to her.
She's here!
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
Midoriya...
Yaoyorozu... What's your answer?
I--
Wait!
Iida?
Iida...
Why... Why did it have
to be you guys of all people?!
The ones who stopped me when
I acted recklessly for personal reasons...
You two, who received amnesty with me...
Why are you trying to make
the same mistake I did?!
It's too much!
What are you talking about?
We are still minors.
U.A. is in a bad enough position as it is.
Who will take responsibility for your actions?
Do you understand?!
Iida, it's not like that.
We don't think it's okay
to break the rules either--
I'm frustrated, too!
And worried! It's only natural!
I am the class representative!
I'm worried about my classmates!
Not just Bakugo!
When I saw your injuries,
I also saw my brother in his sickbed!
What if your bodies end up irreparable,
like my brother's,
because of your recklessness?
Are you saying that you
don't care about my worries?
don't care about how I feel...?
Iida...
Iida.
We don't expect to face
them head-on and win either.
We'll extricate him without fighting.
In other words, covert action!
That's the way we students can fight
while toeing the line on the rules!
I trust Todoroki.
But so that I can stop them if anything happens,
I plan to accompany them, as well.
Yaoyorozu!
I don't know myself, either,
but after hearing that I could
still reach, I couldn't just sit still...
I can't help thinking that I want to save him.
Top heroes have stories
about them from their school days.
Most of their stories have one thing in common:
Their bodies moved before
they had a chance to think.
We can't come to an agreement, huh?
Then, take me with you, too!
Do you remember after the USJ attack,
when I said there was a
major incident coming later?
We have gathered some
of our finest heroes here today.
"Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi"
Now, let us begin our strategy meeting.
I'll ask you one more time,
aspiring hero, Katsuki Bakugo...
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Will you join me?
If you're gonna talk in your sleep,
you should just go to sleep and die.
That major incident is about to begin.
"Momo Yaoyorozu"
"Quirk: Creation"
"She can create any non-living thing from her body."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 9/23"
"Height: 173 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Reading"
"Eijiro Kirishima"
"Quirk: Hardening"
"He can harden his whole body, which can be used for offense or defense."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/16"
"Height: 170 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Meat"
Midoriya.
I apologize for getting violent with you.
I'm sorry.
Seriously, Iida.
Your reason for joining
the group is not very persuasive.
It's fine! I'm okay!
I am accompanying you because I am not
convinced you will behave yourselves.
If I get even a whiff of combat,
then I will make you return immediately.
In other words,
you will be under my surveillance.
That's right, I will be a "watchman"!
Watchman Iida...
The same goes for me.
Rescuing Bakugo is a job for the pros.
Looking at this objectively,
there is no need for you all to do anything.
However, it is a compromise plan
because I know very well how you feel.
Do not forget that.
Yeah.
I know.
A rescue without combat...
It is not realistic.
The others have not realized that they
are not able to think about this objectively.
But once they see the situation
first-hand and see how hard it'll be,
they should realize
how unrealistic their idea is...
The coordinates on the receiver indicate
Camino Ward, Yokohama City in Kanagawa Prefecture.
Since we're leaving from Nagano,
it will take about two hours.
We should arrive around ten o'clock.
Um, did you tell everyone
that we would leave tonight?
Yeah.
They tried even harder to stop us
when we told them, though.
After that, Uraraka said
something pretty harsh, too.
I think Bakugo will feel humiliated
that he had to be saved by everyone...
...she said.
Kacchan!
Don't come, Deku!
Just to make sure,
you know that what we're doing is selfish and
that no one wants us to do it, right?
You can still turn back if you want to.
If I were hesitating, then I wouldn't've
said I'd do it in the first place!
He's not someone who'd let the
villains do whatever they want with him.
What about you, Midoriya?
I...
Meddling when you don't need to...
...is the essence of being a hero.
Mom...
I got everything from All Might...
Since All Might chose me...
...I cannot turn back.
I see...
All right.
"Camino Ward, Kanagawa Prefecture"
So this is Camino Ward?
There are a lot of people.
So those guys are hiding
somewhere in this city?
Okay, where are they, Yaoyorozu?!
Wait a minute!
From here on out,
we must be very, very careful.
The villains know what we look like, remember?
We must also consider that
we may be attacked at any moment.
Got it!
Gotta be covert!
That's making you stand out more, Midoriya.
But at this rate,
we won't be able to scout very easily.
Then what are we supposed to do?
"Dirt-Cheap Donki Oote"
I have a suggestion.
"fidget fidget"
"Dirt-Cheap Donki Oote"
Hey, you!
"*Midoriya"
I see. Disguises, huh?
"*Todoroki."
That's right.
"*Yaoyorozu"
What are these clothes?
"*Iida"
"Bonds"     "Friends"
I'll tell ya later.
"*Kirishima"
Hey, you!
That's all wrong!
You've gotta push your jaw out more!
Hey!
That's it!
There's a lady with a huge rack over there!
Okay!
Kids would stand out in the
shopping district at night, right?
"*Todoroki"
Yaoyorozu, wouldn't it have been free
if you used Creation to make all this?
Th-Th-That's against the rules!
If I make anything I want with my Quirk,
then circulation of money and...
That's right, as a citizen of this nation,
I must increase the flow
of money in the economy!
I see.
This innocent rich girl just
wanted to go inside Donki, huh?
Everyone, our destination is this way--
Whoa, it's U.A.!
H-Hey!
And now, please watch a clip from U.A. High
School's apology press conference
"Broadcast"
"U.A. High School Emergency Press Conference"
"Nezu"     "Eraser Head"     "Vlad King"
that just occurred.
Mr. Aizawa...
And even the principal!
We deeply apologize for the incident
that allowed harm to come to 27 first years of
the hero course because of our unpreparedness.
We apologize for causing unease in society
due to our negligence in properly defending
ourselves as a place of learning.
We are truly sorry.
Mr. Aizawa, who hates being on TV, is...
I'm from Yomiuri TV.
Since the beginning of the year,
U.A. High School students have
had four encounters with villains.
This time, there were even students injured.
How did you explain to their families,
and what are some specific
countermeasures you are taking?
From the sports festival,
they should know what U.A.'s basic position is.
Is he still going to make them say it?
Treating them like the bad guys...?
We will increase policing
in the surrounding area
and review the security within the school,
ensuring the students' safety
with a strong position.
That is what we told them.
Huh? What are these guys saying?
They're not being protected at all.
Hero schools aren't usually
defeated by villains...
How's that s'posed to ensure anything?
Aren't they just trying to protect themselves?
That's disappointing, U.A.
Results are everything.
The atmosphere was becoming stagnated,
being pulled in a bad direction.
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
It's so strange...
Why are the heroes being criticized?
The way they were dealing
with things was just a little off the mark.
"Villain - Dabi"
Is it because it's their job to protect?
"Villain - Twice"      "Villain - Magne"
Everyone makes a mistake or two.
"Villain - Himiko Toga"
Are they supposed to be perfect?
"Villain - Spinner"     "Villain - Mr. Compress"
Modern-day heroes are so uptight.
Don't you think, Bakugo?
Once heroes receive
compensation to protect people,
they aren't heroes anymore.
That is Stain's teaching.
The strange system of transforming
people's lives into money or glory...
The society that sticks tight to those rules...
The citizens who blame the losers
rather than encourage them...
Our fight is to question:
What is a hero? What is justice?
Is this society truly just?
We'll have everyone thinking about it.
We're planning on winning.
You like winning, too, right?
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
Dabi, release his restraints.
Huh? This guy's gonna fight, you know.
It's fine. We need to treat him like an equal,
since we're scouting him.
Besides, you can tell if you'll win or not if
you fight in this situation, right, U.A. student?
Twice, you do it.
What, me? No way.
Do it.
Man...
I do apologize for using such forceful methods.
But please understand that we are
not just a mob trying to commit crimes.
We didn't kidnap you by accident.
Even though our situations differ,
everyone here has been restricted and suffered
because of people... rules... and heroes...
I'm sure you also--
Shigaraki!
I listened quietly to your endless talking...
Idiots can't get to the point,
so they're always talking for a long time.
Basically, you mean "We wanna
harass people, so please join us," right?
Don't bother.
Look! Did you see that just now?
All Might really is cool, isn't he?
No matter how much trouble he's in,
he always wins in the end!
I want to win like All Might.
No matter what anyone says,
that will never change!
Father...
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
As we headed toward the
hideout of the League of Villains,
we discovered that it was a Nomu factory!
But Kacchan isn't there--
Next time, "All For One"!
"Next time: All For One"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!